Professor: Let's look at how
to bring new audio files
and new sound recordings
into EarSketch.
This is designed for short files
that you might want to use
with makeBeat() or fitMedia()
or other functions like that.
And there's a couple of ways
that you could do it.
They're all accessible
from the Sound Browser,
so if your Sound Browser
isn't showing yet,
make sure to click on the icon
to make it show up
in the left side bar.
And then click the blue ADD YOUR
OWN SOUND link
to add your own sounds.
Now, there are two ways that you
can add sounds in EarSketch.
The first is that you can upload
an audio file
that you already have
on your local computer.
So if I click the File Upload
button,
I can choose a file in any
common audio format
like WAV, AIFF, or MP3.
So I'll go ahead and choose
a file here.
And then I can give it a name,
and that's the name that will
show up in the Sound Browser
and that I’ll use that the sound
constant in EarSketch.
Also if you know the tempo
of it,
you should enter the tempo here
as well.
That will enable EarSketch
to automatically scale the speed
of playback of the audio file
based on the tempo
of any particular EarSketch
script
that's been specified
with the setTempo() function
so this sound file will sync up
with all the other sounds
that you're using in your music.
I'll go ahead and upload this.
And now to find your sound file,
if you go to the Artists filter
Sound Browser
you can see my username
is now showing up
as one of the artists.
And if pick that, you can see
the file I just uploaded.
And you can play it
and you can insert it
into your EarSketch scripts
the same way
that you would with any other
file from the Sound Browser.
Now, you can also record
your own sounds
directly inside of EarSketch.
And for that we use
the Quick Record button.
And I can specify a tempo
I want to record at.
I can also specify a number
of measures I want to record.
So in this case I'm recording
two measures worth of audio,
and I'm getting one measure
of the metronome
clicking first so that I know
exactly where the tempo is
before I start recording.
[four electronic metronome
beats]
♪ This is a 2-measure
recording. ♫
And now you can see the waveform
of the sound I recorded.
I can also listen back to it
to see if I like it.
[plays recording] ♪ This is
a 2-measure recording. ♫
And of course, I can give it
a constant name as well.
And then I can upload that
as well.
And now you see that showing up
under my artist name
in the Sound Browser as well.
[plays recording] ♪ This is
a 2-measure recording. ♫